new friends
I hope you liked the videos
previous ones that have been going up and then in
one occasion he uploaded a video of a ford
scape of red color that brought doors of
good gym work because here they can
observe here we have the car so
to compete in that pl
We are in the cinema but michoacán them
I'm going to give a small
with a little tour on what is the
system that this has this
vehicle good first our club
that we belong is the morelia commerce
after his legs of lamborghini type
lam
the 20 and brings this what are the
the coi lovers or adjustable springs are
can go down you can go down yet but
at the moment we're just going to do it
we have
what is a panasonic sékou study of
1,300 euros
this is a good good audio quality
in the doors after the media that yes
I have not seen them much of what brands
are
and then there we are traders yes
they are medium large and 2
over here we have
the knob for what is the epicenter
it's an audio control because it 's going to
move to the back so that
you can watch it we have an equalizer
outotec the 7000 7
here we go to what are the
amplifiers
the amplifier with which they feed
these 215
with millward crossfire the gaming
all that is the wiring of poles of
current voltage and on the ground
zero gauge reaction here because it brings
a producer from 0 to 4 because then the
Amplifier inputs are not very
large so that it fits directly to the
zero
we have here the restorative epicenter of
bass audio control
Well practically you are very
known here in america
and in other places like as a
the main image of what the
they refer when they talk about epicenter and
here we have the crossfire I feel strong
and 140 watts is a green 142 of the
channels
this does give a very good clarity to
the speakers what are the media the
vehicle
it sounds very clear
and here we have the Gunners
these are the 10 15-inch audio and
Well now it would be practically
a
a ride through the vehicle encompassing
which is the most general
and in a few more moments we will be
showing them a comfortable demo how
this sounds